Okay my friends.
Are you ready to now implement the Step 3 of this uproar conference bound implementation.
We already implemented step 2 and we even got these values in each of the ads and now we need to use
a trick to find the maximum of them.
All right.
So in the last tutorial we left things at this.
Else.
Meaning if the numbers of selections of this add number I we're dealing with right now and the second
for loop is equal to zero meaning if the ad was not selected yet.
Well in that case what we have to do is absolutely select it right.
We must selected if the ad has not been selected yet we have to select it.
Why is that.
That's because as we explained at the end of the previous editorial we need to make sure that the denominator
and i n which is the number of times the ad I was selected is different than zero.
So that we can indeed compute the average reward and then the upper confidence belt.
So there is a priority now you know at the beginning you know in the first round to select all the ads
and therefore the trick that we have to use is to set the upper bound of this particular ad we're dealing
with right now and the second for loop to a super high value so that it will be indeed the maximum upper
bound and therefore the one that will be selected because at the end we will of course like the ad with
the highest upper confidence bound.
So the trick right now is to take that variable again which so far thanks to this if condition is equal
to this value but if we're not in this if condition and if we are in this ls Well we would like that
same variable to be equal to super high value like you know infinity.
But we can't sell it equal to infinity.
However we can set it equal to a super high value like 1 times 10 at the power of four hundred.
That's a classic trick in Python to you know use the infinity.
This is a super high value which will definitely be the maximum of the upper bound so that if that ad
was not selected yet well we will selected because indeed it will have the maximum of the upper confidence
belt.
And now we need to finish with a final if condition to make sure that indeed we select the ad with the
highest upper confidence bound.
And the trick to do that is to play with Max.
Upper bound here which so far is initialized to 0 you know before we start this second for loop and
that upper bound and the if condition that we have to adhere is to check if well the upper bound of
the ad we're dealing with right now and the second for loop and which we've just computed either through
this first if condition or in this else we have to check if that upper bound is larger than the maximum
upper bound.
Right.
Because.
Okay at the beginning you know before we start this for loop Max bound is equal to zero.
Then we will compute this for the first ad we will get either a value if this ad had already been selected
or we'll get this value.
And of course since this or this will be larger than zero then this Max upper bound will be updated.
Right.
And this is exactly our next up here.
If indeed upper bound is larger than this maximum upper bound.
Well we need to update that Max.
Upper bound value.
There we go to be equal to that new upper bound just computed either through this if condition or this
else.
All right.
So upper bounds.
Okay.
And then in the next step of this second for loop Well we will compute a new value of the upper bound
here.
If the ad was already selected and if this new value of the upper bound is larger than this new Max
upper bound which was just updated to the previous upper bound of the previous ad well we will update
it again you see the you see the trick each time you know at each iteration of the second for loop we
compute a new upper bound.
We compare that upper bound with the largest upper bound collected so far.
You know with the previous ad and if that new upper bound is larger than this maximum upper bound will
we update the new maximum upper bound.
And of course for the ads that have not been selected yet this upper bound will always be larger than
the max upper bound and therefore this ad will be selected.
And speaking of this ad we'll be selected.
Well that's exactly the final step we have to do here.
We have to select the ad and in order to select it well we need to update that variable here at equals
0 2.
Of course I know the index.
I love that ad we're dealing with right now in the second for loop and that's my friend.
That's how you implement Step 3 by making sure at the same time that you select the ad that was not
selected yet.
And at some point you know after a couple of rounds where all the ads will be selected.
Well you know actually after the 10 first rounds all the ads will automatically be selected and then
we will only be in this condition.
No this ls condition will never happen after the 10 first rounds.
OK so there you go now.
Congratulations.
This steps three is implemented.
We selected the that has a maximum upper confidence bound and now what we simply need to do is just
finish this main code here.
You know this sell by going back to this first for loop you know iterating through the round you know
through the users who connect to the website and well the way to do this is just to update each of these
variables which were created at the beginning before starting the for loop to indeed get you know that
full list of all the add selected over the round.
Then of course update this variable to update the numbers of selections for each of the ADD and of course
update this one which gives the accumulated rewards for each of the ads.
And finally update the total accumulated reward over the rounds.
All right so I will let you do this.
Please try to do it yourself before the next material.
And we will implement the solution together in the next material which will at the same time finish
and complete that sale.
Implementing the upper confidence bound algorithm.
All right.
So good luck again and I'll see you in the next material for the solution.
And until then enjoy machine learning.